<!DOCTYPE html>


<html>

<head>

	<title>Winsley CC AGM 2026 minutes</title>

</head>

<body>
<h1><font color="#00af50">Winsley CC AGM, Bradford on Avon Rugby Club, Saturday 17<sup>th</sup> January 2026</h1></font>

<h2><font color="#00af50">Supplementary information</h2></font>
  <ul>
<li>The list of members in attendance is available from:<a href="AGM-2026-attendees.pdf">here</a> </li> 
<li>The officers reports are available from: <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N0stC5Q4jVFp1mPkJX5WGPdap-u9Ml3Z/view">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N0stC5Q4jVFp1mPkJX5WGPdap-u9Ml3Z/view</a> </li> 
</ul>

<p>Niall Macdougall declared the meeting as quorate, took the chair and opened the meeting at 10:43</p>

<ol type="1">
    <h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Apologies</h2></li></font>

    <p>Apologies were received from:</p>
    <ul>
    <li>Adrian Jeffrey</li>
    <li>Keith Potter</li>
    <li>Paul Berry</li>
    <li>Rupert Holliday-Evans</li>
    <li>Jon Keepen</li>
    <li>Will Reynolds</li>
    </ul>

    <h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Minutes of the 2025 AGM and 21<sup>st</sup> August EGM</h2></li></font>
    
    <p>The motion <em>"to accept the minutes of the 2025 AGM and 21<sup>st</sup> August EGM as true records, en-bloc"</em> was proposed by Tina Foley and seconded by Neil Hussey</p>
    
    <p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

    <h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Club chair's report</h2></li></font>

    <p>Niall summarised the written report he provided, highlighting the success of the women's team achieving promotion to WEPL,
      highlighting the challenges faced (in particular by the operations committee) and thanked all officers and volunteers for their support over the last nine years. </p>

    <h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Treasurer's report and FY25 accounts</h2></li></font>

<p>Tim Merrell provided the following report, available from: <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/12bcXlifiR6XPHu3-AVdQn5VWl0Q5ea-u/view?usp=sharing">https://drive.google.com/file/d/12bcXlifiR6XPHu3-AVdQn5VWl0Q5ea-u/view?usp=sharing</a> </p>

<p>The accounts for FY25 are as follows:</p>

    <style type="text/css">
.tg  {border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0;}
.tg td{border-color:black;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;
  overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}
.tg th{border-color:black;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;
  font-weight:normal;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}
.tg .tg-0pky{border-color:inherit;text-align:left;vertical-align:top}
</style>
<table class="tg"><thead>
  <tr>
    <th class="tg-0pky">Financial Year</th>
    <th class="tg-0pky">2025</th>
  </tr></thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">FY End</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">30/09</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Balance Forward Bank</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">42565.02</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Income</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">100310.06</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Sub Total</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">142875.08</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Expenditure</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">109507.31</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">33367.02</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Current A/C FY End</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">11038.01</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Savings A/C FY End</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">10086.96</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Giles Williams Fund A/C FY End</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">12242.80</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Bank FY End</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">33367.77</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Income less expenditure</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">(9197.25)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Opening Balance</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">42565.02</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Closing Balance</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">33367.77</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">INCOME</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Grants/Donations</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">19308.05</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Subs/All Stars</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">11043.25</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Match Fees/Nets/Summer school</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">11540.25</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Bar/Social</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">52081.50</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Sponsor/sundry</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">6337.01</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">100310.06</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">EXPENDITURE</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Ground</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">6911.54</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Machinery</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">13269.90</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Clubhouse</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">33633.76</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Bar</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">25215.50</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Playing</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">8837.34</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">109507.31</td>
  </tr>
</tbody></table>

<p>In Tim's absence, Neil Hussey took questions from the floor around bar takings, the cash reserves, expenditure on machinery
and stated that whilst the club has had grants success, some of the grant money could only be received in arrears. Ben Phillips added that bar expenditure under FY24 accounts did not include annual dinner payment, but the latest accounts do. 
</p>

<p>The motion <em>"to accept the accounts for FY25, subject to the examiner's approval"</em> was proposed by Charlie Holton and seconded by Peter Mundy</p>
    
    <p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Ops Committee Report</h2></li></font>
<p>Nick Swinburne provided a short summary, but further discussion was reserved for the club development plan agenda item (full report in supporting information)</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Cricket Committee Report</h2></li></font>
<p>Neil Hussey provided a short summary of his report (full report in supporting information)</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Safeguarding, Welfare and EDI report</h2></li></font>
<p>Ben Phillips provided a short summary of Nadeem Ahmed's report (full report in supporting information) </p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Election of officers</h2></li></font>

<h3><font color="#00af50">President</h3></font>

<p>The motion <em>"to duly elect Nicholas Swinburne as president"</em> was proposed by Niall Macdougall and seconded by Bruce Moss</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<h3><font color="#00af50">Club chair</h3></font>

<p>Niall Macdougall thanked the floor one more time, and stood down as he was not seeking re-election.</p>

<p><b>Nick Swinburne assumed the chair temporarily to oversee the election of the new club chair.</b></p> 

<p>Nick thanked Niall for his nine years of service, highlighting his leadership during COVID-19 and the exponential growth of the club, including the promotion of the women's and junior sections and the introduction of the 3XI and 4XI. Nick also thanked Wayne for his lengthy service as membership secretary and operations chair.</p> 


<p>The motion <em>"to duly elect Charles Holton as club chair" was proposed by Nick Swinburne and seconded by Niall Macdougall</em></p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<p><b>Charlie Holton took the chair.</b> He thanked Niall for his years of service and said a few words about the club's future, successes and current challenges.</p>

<h3><font color="#00af50">Executive Committee</h3></font>

<p>The motion <em>"to duly elect the remainder of the executive committee as follows, en-bloc"</em>:</p> 
<ul>
<li>Secretary - Ben Phillips</li>
<li>Treasurer - Tim Merrell</li>
<li>Safeguarding/Welfare - Nadeem Ahmed</li>
<li>Safeguarding/Welfare - Irina Mann</li>
<li>Engagement Officer - Tina Foley</li>
<li>Property Company Director - Nick Swinburne</li>
<li>Ladies Representative - Erica Baxter</li>
</ul>

<p>was proposed by Neil Hussey and seconded by Peter Mundy</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<h3><font color="#00af50">Cricket Committee</h3></font>

<p>Neil Hussey explained that the club coach position is TBC and that discussions regarding overseas players is ongoing</p>

<p>The motion <em>"to duly elect the cricket committee as follows, en-bloc"</em>:</p> 
<ul>
<li>Director of Cricket<sup>*</sup> - Neil Hussey</li>
<li>Head of Youth Cricket - Gareth Pugh</li>
<li>Women's hardball captain - Erica Baxter</li>
<li>Women's softball captain - Vicki Keepen and Tina Foley</li>
<li>Fixtures Secretary - Peter Mundy</li>
<li>1XI Captain - <b>Josh Norgrove</b> and Matt Garrod</li>
<li>2XI Captain - Toby Nightingale</li>
<li>Ben Howe for either 3XI or 4XI Captain</li>
<li>Sunday Captain - Nadeem Ahmed</li>
<li>Midweek Captain - Cameron Selway</li>
<li>Wallop Captain - Matthew Garrod</li>
<li>Grounds Director - Andrew Cross</li>
</ul>

<p>was proposed by Ben Phillips and seconded by Chris Mann</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<p>* = also an executive committee position</p>

<h3><font color="#00af50">Operations Committee</h3></font>

<p>Ben Phillips explained the changes in the operations committee for 2026, noting that Vicki Keepen was replacing Wayne Griffiths as ops chair and that during
the nomination window, Chris Mann had come forward to stand as sponsors/partners officer. 
</p>

<p>The motion <em>"to duly elect the operations committee as follows, en-bloc"</em>:</p> 
<ul>
<li>Ops Commitee Chair<sup>*</sup> and Deputy Secretary - Vicki Keepen</li>
<li>Deputy Treasurer - Simon Richards</li>
<li>Comms Officer - Connor Dearlove</li>
<li>Fundraising/Grants Officer - Nadeem Ahmed and Peter Mundy</li>
<li>Sponsors/Partners Officer - Chris Mann</li>
</ul>

<p>* = also an executive committee position</p>


<p>was proposed by Tina Foley and seconded by Irina Mann</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<p>(Note: Membership secretary, clubhouse manager and social secretary remained <b>vacant</b>)</p>

<h3><font color="#00af50">Vice Presidents</h3></font>

<p>Nick Swinburne proposed the addition of:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Wayne Griffiths</li>
  <li>Niall Macdougall</li>
  <li>Tim Merrell</li>
</ul>
<p>in recognition of their longstanding service to the club to the existing list of vice-presidents:</p>

<ul>
  <li>Paul Berry</li>
  <li>Steve Carter</li>
  <li>Mark Gibbons</li>
  <li>Jeremy Gilmer</li>
  <li>Mike Harman</li>
  <li>Keith Hyatt</li>
  <li>Carol Mitchell</li>
  <li>Bruce Moss</li>
  <li>Roger Rowe</li>
  <li>Dave Sutton</li>
  <li>Martin Williams</li>
  <li>Glyn Woolley</li>
  <li>Heather Woolley</li>
  <li>Berni White</li>
  <li>Joao Gomez</li>
  <li>Oliver Lemanski</li>
  <li>Georgia Lemanski</li>
  <li>Stephen Thomas</li>
  <li>Jenny Taylor</li>
  <li>Richard Francis</li>
  <li>Helen Francis</li>
  <li>Andrew Cross</li>
  <li>Jimmy Sherwin</li>
  <li>Jo Darlow</li>
  <li>Adrian Jeffrey</li>
</ul>

<p>The motion <em>"to elect the amended list of vice-presidents"</em> was proposed by Peter Orchard and seconded by Neil Hussey</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<h3><font color="#00af50">Examiner of the accounts</h3></font>
<p>The motion <em>"to elect Sue Rainford-Fear as examiner of the accounts"</em> was proposed by Peter Mundy and seconded by Bruce Moss</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Southwick Cricket Partnership</h2></li></font>
<p>Neil Hussey provided a brief update regarding Southwick, thanking the club's volunteers who carried out the renovation work. He re-iterated that the groundwork is being undertaken by a paid contractor working under Andrew Cross and Jon Keepen's direction.
He also explained the opportunities that the partnership provides.
</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Second Ground Major Project Committee Report</h2></li></font>
<p>Niall Macdougall summarised his report which is available in the supporting information, stating that an area of Bradford on Avon rugby club had been identified and that discussions with BoA RFC and Wiltshire Cricket were ongoing
</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Club development plan and ClubSports365 system</h2></li></font>
<p>
  Ben Phillips provided a brief overview of the ClubSports365 system and the advantages it offers over Pitchero in terms of being a
  single place to manage the club's playing and off-field operations. He also explained the following additions to the club development plan: 
</p>

<ol>
  <li>Improved governance: acquiring the top tier of the revamped Clubmark accreditation, improved budgeting and a review of the club's status</li>
  <li>Second ground: Formalising Southwick as the second ground whilst efforts to secure a second ground in Winsley parish continues</li>
</ol>

<p>Nick Swinburne stated that the club has grown exponentially and the infrastructure of the club needs to evolve to support it. He re-iterated that the club development plan is an evolving document and forms part of a wider review of the club's strategy that the executive committee will undertake in 2026.</p>

<p>The motion <em>"to adopt and ratify the development plan as an evolving document"</em> was proposed by Niall Macdougall and seconded by Charlie Holton</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Membership changes, subscriptions and match fees</h2></li></font>

<p>Charlie explained the executive committee's proposal for membership, shown in the table and additional notes below. The proposed option 2 is for occasional players who may otherwise be deterred by paying a larger membership subscription. It was re-iterated that the cricket committee can waive match fees for players helping out, at its discretion.
</p>

<style type="text/css">
.tg  {border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0;}
.tg td{border-color:black;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;
  overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}
.tg th{border-color:black;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;
  font-weight:normal;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}
.tg .tg-0lax{text-align:left;vertical-align:top}
</style>
<table class="tg"><thead>
  <tr>
    <th class="tg-0lax">Type</th>
    <th class="tg-0lax">Definition</th>
    <th class="tg-0lax">Subscription<br></th>
    <th class="tg-0lax">Match Fee</th>
    <th class="tg-0lax">Notes</th>
  </tr></thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Senior, Full (option 1)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">As per constitution (see Section 6a)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£105</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">League: £8<br>Sundays: £5<br>Midweek: £3</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Senior, Full (option 2)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">As per constitution (see Section 6a)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£10</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">League: £18<br>Sundays:<br>£7.50<br>Midweek: £5</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Option 1<br>match fees<br>apply until 31st<br>May.<br>Option 2<br>match fees<br>apply from 1st<br>June</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Concession (option 1)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Applies to all<br>genders: under<br>18* (as of 1st<br>September in<br>the previous<br>year); in full<br>time<br>education;<br>under 21 and<br>unemployed;<br>retired from all<br>employment;<br>registered<br>disabled;<br>registered<br>carer</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£40</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">League<br>(WCCL): £4<br>League (WEPL<br>Ladies): £2.50<br>Sundays:<br>£2.50<br>Midweek: £2<br>Ladies<br>Pairs/T20: £2</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Concession (option 2)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">As above</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£10</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">League: £9<br>Sundays: £5<br>Midweek:<br>£2.50</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Option 1<br>match fees<br>apply until 31st<br>May.<br>Option 2<br>match fees<br>apply from 1st<br>June</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Ladies</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Any female<br>player not<br>qualifying for a<br>concession as<br>defined above</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£55</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">WEPL: £5, all<br>other games:<br>£3</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Youth (to include U17)<br></td>
    <td class="tg-0lax"></td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£90 (first child), £75 (additional child)</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">No match fees<br>for junior<br>games.<br>Concessionary<br>(option 1)<br>match fees<br>apply to senior/ladies<br>games</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax"></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Social</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">Non-playing member</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">£10</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax">N/A</td>
    <td class="tg-0lax"></td>
  </tr>
</tbody></table>

<p>Additional notes:</p>
<ol>
<li>Sundays shall include NVKO games</li>
<li>Members under option 2) shall only qualify for voting rights if their total payment
equals or exceeds the subscription for option 1.</li>
</ol>

<p>There was some discussion regarding the proposal but no amendments were put forward by the floor.</p>

<p>The motion <em>"to ratify the executive committee's proposal for membership"</em> was proposed by Bruce Moss and seconded by Clive Rees</p>
<p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously (one abstention)</p>

<h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Changes to the constitution and remit/governance policy</h2></li></font>
<p>The executive committee proposed the following changes:</p>
  <ol>
    <li><p>Constitution (quorum): Replace <em>two of chair, secretary, treasurer</em> with <b><em>two of chair, president, director of cricket and operations chair and one of secretary or treasurer or their deputies.</em></b></p>
      <b>Explanation:</b> Under the current wording, a general meeting could be quorate but have no recognisable chair</li>

    <li><p>Constitution (membership): In membership add, a) Having an active membership in ClubSports365 shall be the sole determinant of an individual’s playing or social

membership of the club, b) The committees
shall ensure that payment in instalments is an
option and c) The club membership year covers
1st April to 31st March.</p>
      <b>Explanation:</b> This is to establish that the club is adopting ClubSports365 as the indicator of membership and to make

other necessary changes and clarifications.</li>

    <li><p>Constitution and Remit/Governance: To rename <em>club captain</em> to <b><em>director of cricket.</em></b></p> 
		<p><b>Explanation:</b> This is to be consistent with ECB defined roles.</p></li>
  </ol>

  <p>The changes were proposed en-bloc by Peter Mundy and seconded by Tina Foley</p>
  <p><b>Resolved:</b> Carried unanimously (one abstention)</p>

  <h2><font color="#00af50"><li>Any other business</h2></li></font>

  <ol>
  <li>Tina Foley expressed her thanks to Niall for his service as chair</li>
  </ol>

</ol>

<p>Charlie Holton closed the meeting at 11:56</p>

  </body>

</html>



